added specs documentation (#61619)
code-dot-org/code-dot-org: STYLEGUIDE.md

- Use context blocks to describe different states or conditions. When describing a context, start its description with 'when', 'with' or 'without'.
- Write test cases using `it` blocks for individual behaviours.

#### Example
```ruby
describe MyClassTest do
  # `described_class` is a helper method that returns the class or module that is currently being tested, e.g. `MyClass` is returned when described_class is used in `MyClassTest`.
  let(:described_instance) {described_class.new}

  before do
    # Setup code
  end

  describe '#my_method' do
    subject(:my_method) {described_instance.my_method(argument)}

    let(:argument) {'argument'}

    context 'when condition A is met' do
      let(:argument) {'argument_a'}

      it 'returns expected result' do
        # `_my_method` is a helper method assertion method defined for the test `subject`.
        _my_method.must_equal 'expected result for argument_a'
      end
    end

    context 'when condition B is met' do
      let(:argument) {'argument_b'}

      it 'returns another result' do
        _my_method.must_equal 'expected result for argument_b'
      end
    end
  end
end
```

> See a real example in our codebase in the `Queries::SectionTest` [test](https://github.com/code-dot-org/code-dot-org/blob/012a3bcb13f4a265d6570b8995ae872e92a0ab42/dashboard/test/lib/queries/section_test.rb) for the `Queries::Section` [Module](https://github.com/code-dot-org/code-dot-org/blob/012a3bcb13f4a265d6570b8995ae872e92a0ab42/dashboard/lib/queries/section.rb).

Reviewer: Another example is [omniauth_callbacks_controller_test.rb](https://github.com/code-dot-org/code-dot-org/blob/staging/dashboard/test/controllers/omniauth_callbacks_controller_test.rb). It has some more complex examples. It also demonstrates how you can just add in spec-style tests even if there are other tests in the same class.

    first_method.
    second_method
  ```
  

> ### Writing Unit Test

Reviewer 2: super-tiny nit:
```suggestion
### Writing Unit Tests
```

> Our unit tests testing library is [Minitest](https://github.com/minitest/minitest). 

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
Our unit testing library is [Minitest](https://github.com/minitest/minitest). 
```

> Our unit tests testing library is [Minitest](https://github.com/minitest/minitest). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Our unit testing library is [Minitest](https://github.com/minitest/minitest). 
```

> Our unit tests testing library is [Minitest](https://github.com/minitest/minitest). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Our unit testing library is [Minitest](https://github.com/minitest/minitest). 
```

> When writing unit test we recommend to use [Specs Syntax](https://github.com/minitest/minitest?tab=readme-ov-file#specs-). Our default MiniTest Spec has been extended to include some RSpec features such as [`subject`](https://rspec.info/features/3-13/rspec-core/subject/explicit-subject/) or [`let!`](https://rspec.info/features/3-13/rspec-core/helper-methods/let/)

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
When writing unit tests, we recommend you use the [Specs Syntax](https://github.com/minitest/minitest?tab=readme-ov-file#specs-). Our default MiniTest Spec has been extended to include some RSpec features such as [`subject`](https://rspec.info/features/3-13/rspec-core/subject/explicit-subject/) or [`let!`](https://rspec.info/features/3-13/rspec-core/helper-methods/let/)
```

> When writing unit test we recommend to use [Specs Syntax](https://github.com/minitest/minitest?tab=readme-ov-file#specs-). Our default MiniTest Spec has been extended to include some RSpec features such as [`subject`](https://rspec.info/features/3-13/rspec-core/subject/explicit-subject/) or [`let!`](https://rspec.info/features/3-13/rspec-core/helper-methods/let/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When writing unit test we recommend using [Specs Syntax](https://github.com/minitest/minitest?tab=readme-ov-file#specs-). Our default MiniTest Spec has been extended to include some RSpec features such as [`subject`](https://rspec.info/features/3-13/rspec-core/subject/explicit-subject/) or [`let!`](https://rspec.info/features/3-13/rspec-core/helper-methods/let/)
```

This documentation represents a collection of references and resources for following best practices of Specs Syntax. It is intended to guide developers in writing clean, maintainable, and consistent unit tests using the Specs Syntax.

> However, it is important to acknowledge that much of our codebase (the majority of our codebase) does not actually follow this recommendation. This document serves as a guide to encourage moving towards these best practices in new code and when refactoring existing tests. 

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
However, it is important to acknowledge that much of our codebase (the majority of our codebase) does not actually follow this recommendation. This document serves as a guide to encourage moving towards these best practices when writing new code and or refactoring existing tests. 
```

> However, it is important to acknowledge that much of our codebase (the majority of our codebase) does not actually follow this recommendation. This document serves as a guide to encourage moving towards these best practices in new code and when refactoring existing tests. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
However, it is important to acknowledge that most of our codebase does not actually follow this recommendation. This document serves as a guide to encourage moving towards these best practices in new code and when refactoring existing tests. 
```

Additionally, note that multiple syntaxes can exist in the same test file, and this flexibility accommodates different styles and transitions.

#### General Guidelines

> - Group-related tests using `describe` blocks.

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
- Group related tests using `describe` blocks.
```

  });
  ```

> - <a name="js-operator-continuations"></a>

Reviewer 3: Why the change from `*` to `-` here when the rest of this bulleted list uses `*`?

Author: I was trying to make the formatting more consistent and changed all the `*`to `-`. But then I thought it wasn't needed in this PR and would take attention from the intended changes.
